docs: add note for compose v2 (#5110)
CloudFire-LLC/cloudfire: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

##### Rust development with docker

Sometimes it's useful to test your changes in a local docker, however the
`docker-compose.yml` file at the root directory requires rebuilding the images
each time you want to test the change.

To solve this, you can use the `rust/docker-compose-dev.yml` file like
`docker compose -f docker-compose.yml -f rust/docker-compose-dev.yml <command>`

This will use locally compiled binaries situated at
`rust/target/x86_64-unknown-musl/debug`

> You can also set use the env variable `COMPOSE_FILE` as explained
> [here](https://docs.docker.com/compose/environment-variables/envvars/#compose_file)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also [set the env variable `COMPOSE_FILE`](https://docs.docker.com/compose/environment-variables/envvars/#compose_file)
```
I hear from web people now and then that links saying "here" are bad for usability and accessibility, since the link requires context and doesn't have self-contained meaning.

### asdf-vm Setup

We use [asdf-vm](https://asdf-vm.com) to manage

> language versions for Firezone. Install the language runtimes
> defined in the [.tool-versions](../.tool-versions) file.
> 
> If using asdf, simply run `asdf install` from the project root.

Author: ```suggestion
language versions for Firezone. Install the language runtimes
defined in the [.tool-versions](../.tool-versions) file by running `asdf install` from the project root.
```

> While not strictly required, we use [asdf-vm](https://asdf-vm.com) to manage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use [asdf-vm](https://asdf-vm.com) to manage
```
Nit: Could be shorter. None of this is strictly required since programmers usually wing it anyway and only read the instructions when we see an error

> language versions for Firezone. You'll need to install the language runtimes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
language versions for Firezone. Install the language runtimes
```
Nit: Imperative is appropriate for how-tos.

> according to the versions laid out in the [.tool-versions](../.tool-versions)
> file.

Reviewer: (Had to split this up because Github said I can't make suggestions on deleted lines 🤷‍♀️ )
```suggestion
using the [.tool-versions](../.tool-versions)
file.
```

Author: ```suggestion
defined in the [.tool-versions](../.tool-versions) file.
```

Maybe this is a little more clear?

Reviewer: 👍
